man schuman is a humanitarian worker
and activist was in gaza until march and
joins us now here in doha good to see
you again the israel military have
targeted the north since the start of
the war on gaza in october but why
these two particular
areas  i think that's that's a question
for them to answer i know that they are
very heavily civilian areas they contain
a lot of refugees who s refuge in gas in
1967 and 1948
i mean it's a tragedy and continuing
and right now we don't see  a stop for it
um unfortunately these areas don't only
lack security but also lack food
right now many of them especially in the
far further north in gazp there is a fam
people there only have access to wet
and are able to make bread lack of
security lack of food i don't know happ
next over month
wa give little bit
more's on because is developing
situation isra has detain
thousand was
Where did they take him from?
[Music]
What are the conditions you lived in there?
This prison is a
nightmare. What happened to you? They took me out and tortured you.
Excuse me, oh, what did they do to you? They said they beat me in
prison. They said, “Hold your head down on the bus and don’t get on the bus
because someone told you. I
mean, they hit me on my back and my back. They hit me with a protector.
I went out and was afraid to go. I found someone. I came to someone. I wanted to catch
someone to take me out. Someone came out. I caught someone. Two people.
Who did I see in their origins? Behind you are the names of
families.  The families
I saw were the ones who were in prison. What were
you drinking? Are you drinking cheese with bread and
[music]
apples, tomatoes
and cucumbers in the iron? No
electricity. You know where your family was
beaten. I
know where to demolish.
gas t is prevalent with israeli
military in undisclosed military
locations i  mean how worrying is it to
see images like that right now it's very
worrying very heartbreaking but not
surprising i think that they are masters
of
psychological
torture
inaz also 200
and l
of and we can't forget abouts that they are
now administra c in gaz  we can't forget
about the 7000 13000 now plus prisoners
that are in israelis right now the world
need to do something i'm calling
on cross
cr plus prisoners that have been taken
by this administration and let the
people of the world know what  is the
situation we don't want to see
more we want to see our people come back to
their
hes than much us cr can do
make subs